Oh
hi guys i am back and i finally have my
regiment video to share with you guys
today a couple of you guys have asked me
about posting my resume and i do want to
talk about what I do week after week now
this video i might do several because I
changed my regiment from time to time
and I've got different layers that make
up my entire regiment for instance the
nutrition part what I eat you know what
I do day to day what I do consistently
what changes but really this this video
I'm really just going to focus on my
basic fundamental routine that I've done
week after week for a long time and it's
helped me to retain the link that I have
and just help my hair to stay healthy
overall so basically let me just tell
you a little bit about my hair just to
start off with I am a type for be
tightly coiled hair very thick coarse
hair I am relaxed I do relax
approximately every three months or so
and usually when I relax because I self
relax I'm not a professional it does
usually come out a little under process
which I don't mind because it helps me
to keep that thickness that I enjoy so
basically you know how I take care of my
hair every week but the biggest part of
my hair routine for me is my washing set
that I do every week without fail
consistently Washington setting now
every weekend I take time to make sure I
start off with a pre-poo step and for
those of you who don't know are familiar
with it it's basically what you do to
the hair before you start shampooing and
I've got some of my favorite products
that I use right now I'm loving the
Burt's Bees avocado free food treatment
that is one of my favorites is very safe
like a greased almost but your hair
actually soaks it up it really helps to
drive moisture into the hair and it
doesn't stay even though it's heavy on
your hair you're thinking oh my gosh I
can't watch this out but it's really
good it rinses out really easily and the
hair feels awesome now you guys have
probably seen my other video on
one conditioning cleanser it's actually
a shampoo but it's one without the
sulfate it does not foam up it doesn't
dry out the hair if you have not seen
this video or if you have not yet tried
hair one go out and get it today it is
my favorite shampoo the very first time
I used it I knew that was going to be it
for me and ever since then I have not
used anything else that I am NOT a
protective styler I know the importance
of protective styling and I'm not going
to say that it's not important to do so
because it does really really really
really does help in retaining length but
for me I just you know I like to place
my hair like to see my hair so i don't
have to discipline to bun ninety-nine
percent of the time i actually you know
where my hair out most of the time and
because of that i know that i've got to
just try that much harder I've got to
work 10 times is hard to retain the
length as somebody who has their their
ends tucked away so for those of you who
are really looking for just major length
you're trying to retain you know
protective styling is the best way to do
so but for me because I don't protect
your style I have to trim my hair more
often than not I trim probably every two
months or so i actually just trimmed
recently another thing i do again
because i'm not you know protecting the
end as much as i should i have to make
sure that that wash in condition step
during the week has to be as effective
as possible so after i wash my hair I
always roller set it I don't airdrie
much it doesn't work for me very well I
always experience breakage aiways
experience results that I don't want so
I gave up air drying I only do it maybe
once every few months or so roller set
every week and after I roller set I take
once I take the rollers out I'll do a
little
sometimes I blow dry the root level or
I'll do a flat iron on the root and the
ends I don't let any heat direct heat
touch the ends because you know it's old
hair and you have to make sure you
protect it and especially for me who
doesn't protect the style you yeah I
can't add any heat appliances directly
to the hair repeatedly and not expect to
have some damage as a result so what I
do after I've taken the rollers out and
I applied you know sometimes if I want
to straighten this part out a little bit
once i'm done i take a little bit of my
oil blend and rub it all over the hair
adds a really nice shine it helps
complement the the softness and the
moisture that I had from my wash and set
and I pretty much just use that oil
blend all week I don't use a moisturizer
I used to use moisturizing products but
you know they just ended up causing
build up for me and my hair didn't
really like them hair loves oil so I
just saw it out and looked for oils that
help complement that created softness
and the hair Adonai shine and so I put
this fun to get together and it just
worked out perfect for me and I've been
using it for several months haven't
experienced any major setbacks it's
working out for me so that's what I use
for those of you who are setting up your
routine I do recommend that you look for
a good moisturizer there are some out
there I just wasn't able to find one
that worked out for me noels look for me
and for you it might not you know people
people's hair react differently to
different products so every night I tie
my hair with a silk scarf I never let it
you know sleep loose and what I've done
I started doing recently is when I come
home during the day because I don't
protect its dodge they will at least
when I'm home you know I'm going to try
to keep my hair tied up when I do it
consistently I can tell the difference
my hair is much better it helps to
retain moisture much better but what I
don't do it consistently I can also tell
the difference is
up a hair journal so that when i do try
things that work out really well I
document it I can always go back
sometimes we find a great product and
we'll forget because we hear about the
next fad and we move on or we try a
great you know a tip that somebody gave
us and then we forget about it so keep
it hair journal that way you can go back
to it I have one that I've been doing
since for a couple years actually and so
it's worked out really well for me just
to you know document my journey along
this way and its really really gave me
some great insight from from those those
insights that I've put in there so again
thank you guys for watching and
listening more of these videos to come
I've got somewhere to talk about as far
as how I take care of my hair from the
inside out and I can't wait to talk
about that and if you guys have any you
know follow-up questions let me know and
I'll make sure I respond thank you guys
very much subscribers thank you once
again you guys are amazing i appreciate
each and every last one of you
you